hey guys discount makeup diva again and
I'm just too here today to do a review
on any product I purchase region
recently because I really need it
something to do my brows with so I found
my C's eyebrow kit has a five hour wax
and eyebrow powder usually you should go
with a kit because the eyebrow powder is
more coarser than it I shadow so it
actually wrote they say resembles your
natural hairs more so the one I have is
brows are brush on brow kit by New York
color and it's eight seven six a
brunette I really like this product so
far I the wax is light so it's not
really heavy I was previously using the
Kaboodle's Creole clearer mascara I'm
sorry I can't talk today to haul my
eyebrows but still I have some patchy
spots in my eyebrows and mostly due to
when I was a teenager is it's like
pretty much tweezing muhaha so anyway
yeah so now I have to fill in those
areas so what I'm going to do is I'm
going to put this on I'll show you a
shot of my eyebrows before and a shot
after so just bear them with me there
okay
okay so now that you looked at the
pictures I just did the bear brow look
on my eyes to show you comparison first
and the eye without it and then a
picture of it with it afterwards and and
I never used the wax the wax just
doesn't really change the look just
gives you a whole now only problem I
have with this kit is the packaging as
you can see you would think it would pop
open it doesn't in like half the time I
do that I pull the bottom off and I'll
show you I have to try to put this back
together it's a pain in the butt to open
there we go you best by holding the two
tips because this comes off pain in the
butt to open but anyway you would think
it flipped this the only problem I have
it comes with a little bit of a beauty
pair of tweezers on the little angle
brush which oh that's why I use for the
look as you see it's dirty but it works
pretty good to the for smell of the
brush that comes with it so it was
usually like pact one into the other
like this but you know if the tweezers
are great as you want to travel what
then I guess is cute I haven't tried
them but you look too bad looks like
they would rust though but anyway that's
my review I like it just don't like the
packaging but anyway how you guys like
it and hopefully be more reviews now I'm
going back to work
tomorrow and I'll be for like ten days
so I might feel squeezing out like
review here and there but anyway I'll
talk to you guys later take care